add plugin install details on manual install (#237)
kuzzleio/documentation: src/guide/1/iot/introduction/index.md

In this code example we will show you how to connect to Kuzzle using MQTT, a widely adopted communication protocol in IoT ecosystems.

> ## Install Kuzzle and enable MQTT Protocol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install Kuzzle and enable the MQTT protocol
```

First, you need to download Kuzzle. 
To do that you can follow these [intstructions]({{ site_base_path }}guide/1/getting-started/#running-kuzzle).

> In order to enable the MQTT protocol in Kuzzle, we just need to add 3 lines in the docker-compose file. Specifically, we will need to open port `1883` used for MQTT and we will set the values of 2 environement variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to enable the MQTT protocol in Kuzzle, we just need to add 3 lines in the docker-compose file. Specifically, we need to open the port `1883`, which is the default for MQTT, and we need to set 2 environment variables.
```

> Now you should edit the `docker-compose.yml` file and add the following modifications:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, edit the `docker-compose.yml` file and make the following modifications:
```

Also, can't we provide a downloadable and ready-to-use docker-compose file for this guide's purpose?

>   - In the ports section, open the 1883:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - In the `ports` section:
```

  ```
  - "1883:1883"
  ```

>   - In the environment section, set the mqtt protocol enabled and the development mode disabled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - In the environment section, enable the mqtt protocol and disable development mode:
```

  ```
  - kuzzle_server__protocols__mqtt__enabled=true

> - kuzzle_server__protocols__mqtt__developmentMode=false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - kuzzle_server__protocols__mqtt__developmentMode=false
```

  ```

> The full code should look something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The full code should look like this:
```

      - kuzzle_services__db__client__host=http://elasticsearch:9200
      - kuzzle_services__internalCache__node__host=redis
      - kuzzle_services__memoryStorage__node__host=redis
      - kuzzle_server__protocols__mqtt__enabled=true
      - kuzzle_server__protocols__mqtt__developmentMode=false
      - NODE_ENV=production

  redis:
    image: redis:3.2

  elasticsearch:

>     image: kuzzleio/elasticsearch:5.4.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    image: kuzzleio/elasticsearch:5.6.10
```
